hey guys Jeff here with crossbow nation
and on today's crossbow nation gear
review we're featuring the 10-point
stealth ESS crossbow from 10-point
crossbows it's a brand new bow for 2013
and if you're in the market to purchase
a new crossbow this year this is
definitely one of those bows you should
have on your list
stealth SS features 10 points new FSB
stock which stands for functionally
superior bullpup the new FSB stock
allows the stealth SS to be the shortest
crossbow ever produced by ten point
measuring in at just under thirty four
and a half inches the stealth SS
measures in at seventeen and a half
inches uncocked and only thirteen and a
half inches top our bow came equipped
with a patented accudraw system making
for easy consistent cocking of the
crossbow molded into the FSB stock a
rubber guards that prevent your thumb
and fingers from entering the path of
the string like all ten point crossbows
our stealth SS came with an ambidextrous
safety and ten points patented anti dry
fire system our package also came with
the three power probe u2 scope and an
ambidextrous side mount three arrow
quiver like all new ten point crossbows
the stealth SS requires arrows fitted
with the new Omni knock our bow shot a
consistent 332 feet per second with the
supplied Pro Elite arrow weighing in at
425 grains arrow speeds of up to three
hundred and fifty two feet per second
can be achieved with the new 370 grain
pro light arrow weighing in at only 6.8
pounds combined with its narrow axe to
the axial length and short overall
length the stealth SS crossbow will
provide maximum maneuverability during
any hunting situation well that's it for
today's crossbow nation gear review
featuring the 10-point stealth SS
crossbow and like always
TenPoint doesn't disappoint if you're
looking for more information regarding
the stealth SS crossbow or any of the
other product line from 10-point for
2013 check out their website at 10-point
crossbows dot-com and if you're
interested in more gear reviews like
this or information regarding crossbows
and crossbow hunting check out the
crossbow nation website at crossbow
nation comm and join the crossbow nation